# Augustus World! Wonderful City

A wanted to go to Wonderful City, but he heard rumors that when you are bad, you will go somewhere dangerous. But he heard from his friend that when you go to the dangerous place, there’s a passage to Wonderful City. The friend had been there before. A didn’t really believe him, because when they were kids, his friend lied to him. A was at his home but he hated it because his house was dying and didn’t have money to repair it. He saw it in the news that in Wonderful City when you wish something, your wish will come true. He rode an airplane to Wonderful city and in the airplane, he saw that many people were very scared. But A wasn’t scared because he thought that there was a secret passage to Wonderful city. The airplane was so clean that it was the cleanest thing he had ever seen in his life.

A saw that some people just got thrown out and A started to be a little nervous. Now it was A’s turn, A hoped that he can just go inside but suddenly got THROWN OUT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A actually ended up on a trampoline and at the bottom of the trampoline it was Wonderful city’s sea! There were some scuba diving things at the side of the trampoline. A went scuba diving but he couldn’t find any secret passage. But he saw a secret passage and found out that it was an illusion. He felt something was opening. He went into a passage that was very clean. He sees a big water slide and slides when he goes to Wonderful city he was all wet. He thought that he wants his clothes to be dry. And suddenly his clothes became dry. He was surprised and knew that he couldn’t be greedy. If he was greedy he would be thrown out! And he realizes that you have to be good to get something good. It makes you want to be good.

(Exactly 100 words!) 
