# Banana the Eater

Banana the monkey was driving in the van filled with humans to visit the Bana jungle. Everything was bananas in that jungle. They needed gas because they ran out of gas.

They went to the gas station nearby and started to put gas inside. But everyone forgot they were in Bana jungle. So they filled with gas but the gas was bananas. Bananas started to pop out behind the car, nobody noticed it. Banana the monkey went to the bathroom at the gas station. When he came back, he saw that the whole car was filled with bananas. He was so hungry so ate all of the bananas in it. He saw the humans under the bananas and he realised that he saved them. They fainted, so he bought a new car and drove the humans back home. But while he was driving, he was eating the car. The new car that he bought was made out of bananas. The next day the car disappeared. Banana didn’t know why and he called the police. The police didn’t know why the car disappeared, but the police found a small circular piece of banana, and knew that Banana ate it. They arrested him because he lied to the police. But Banana didn’t know why! He escaped from prison because the prison was in Bana Jungle, so he ate the prison. There was nothing left even the police, because Banana ate the police, the police was actually made out of bananas. Now Banana knows why he was in prison, because he lied to the police. Banana suddenly passed away, because bananas bursted out of his tummy. He now knows not to be greedy anymore even if he is not in this world anymore!
