# Escape the Room

When you get inside a room with a pinball machine, you have to search every drawer and you will find a fake coin and when you put the coin into the pinball machine it will shoot out a lot of smoke and will open itself. But it will only open for 1 minute. There will be another room in front of you. You will have to solve a lot of mysteries and it takes quite a long time. There were balls rolling around the ceiling. After you solve one more mystery, the wall will open. You will see a VERY BIG PINBALL MACHINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you will have to solve the pinball machine and it will open and you can escape.

When we got inside the room with the pinball machine, we had to search every drawer until we found a fake coin. It only took about five minutes. We put the coin inside the pinball machine and the pinball machine automatically opened. There was smoke spraying out. It wasn’t scary at all, only fun. Because it was only open for one minute, we had to quickly go inside the room. In the next room, we looked around and we tried to solve another mystery. It took quite a long time. I felt worried that we couldn’t escape the room. There were balls rolling around the ceiling. After we solved one more mystery, the wall opened. We saw a very big pinball machine in front of us. It took a very long time to solve that, because it was challenging and hard. We solved the pinball machine and it opened, so that we could escape. I was very happy. 
